About the job
Introduction

A career in IBM Consulting is rooted by long-term relationships and close collaboration with clients across the globe. You'll work with visionaries across multiple industries to improve the hybrid cloud and AI journey for the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Your ability to accelerate impact and make meaningful change for your clients is enabled by our strategic partner ecosystem and our robust technology platforms across the IBM portfolio.

Your Role And Responsibilities

As an entry level Application Developer at IBM, you’ll provide technical support and maintenance by applying knowledge of application functionality and related technical design/interfaces with other systems/applications, responsible for running applications in a trouble-free manner, knowledge of integrated development and test environments, tools, infrastructure and managed support services to support complex solutions. You will also be responsible for developing a strong understanding of the solutions and their capabilities to be able to design, build, and test new capabilities into existing applications and systems.

This role will involve working with technology that is covered by Export Regulations sanctions. To be eligible for employment in this role, you must be a Canadian citizen or Canadian Permanent Resident. If you hold dual or third nationality, in addition to being either a Canadian citizen or Canadian Permanent Resident, the nationality must be from one of the below approved countries to be eligible for employment in this role: Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Montenegro, Netherlands, New Zealand, North Macedonia, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Türkiye, United Kingdom, United States.

Candidates Must Have Or Eligible To Obtain

Secret Clearance issued by the Government of Canada. Note that candidates without this clearance must recognize that it will take up to six months to obtain it if they have Canadian citizenship.
NATO and Controlled Goods Clearances will be required once Secret Clearance is proven/obtained.

Preferred Education

Master's Degree

Required Technical And Professional Expertise

Located in Ottawa, ON (all work will be done on site at the IBM office):

Analyze and resolve issues in line with the technical requirements of the solution while adhering to the required Standards.
Understand technical business requirements and define technical solutions that align to the required Standards.
Apply the application / system development processes used by the team.
Develop the skills to understand interoperability standards and methods.
Collaborate with the team to deliver quality solutions.
Contribute to the development of technical designs and documentation.
Troubleshooting issues.
Develop the technical knowledge and experience to provide technical solutions.
Strong communication skills in both verbal and written
Clearly document solutions that can then be used to support the test team.

Preferred Technical And Professional Experience

Negotiation skills and ability to work with a diverse set of stakeholders.
Participated in vendor solution evaluation processes. Contributed to the evaluation of solutions developed by fellow team members or third parties.
Analytical thinking
Creative thinking
Resilience, flexibility, and agility
Motivation and self-awareness
Curiosity and lifelong learning
Technological literacy
Dependability and attention to detail
Empathy and active listening
Leadership and social influence
Quality control