About the job
At RONA, our employees let their passion blossom every day. Our teams are driven by the desire to help people bring their projects to life and are committed to making a difference in the communities we serve.

We operate or service corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our RONA+, RONA and Dick’s Lumber banners are well equipped to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors.

You’ve got the talent? We’ve got the tools! Here, your work and ideas will contribute to building a flourishing organization. Your voice will always be heard and valued. You’ll find career opportunities that live up to your ambitions and be able to further develop your unique set of skills.

So, if you’re looking to do what you love, we could be a perfect match.

By joining the RONA family, you’ll enjoy many benefits, such as:

An inclusive and safe working environment
Promotion of work-life balance
Exclusive employee discounts
Benefits: insurance (certain conditions apply), annual salary review, etc.
Opportunities for advancement within the company
An employer that’s involved in the community
Teamwork and ongoing training
A comprehensive training program for all new hires
A student incentive program
And much more!

Become a member of our customer service team! Use your skills to guide customers, manage their special orders and ensure an great shopping experience. Your focus on service and ability to keep our store well organized will enable you to access a rewarding job while actively contributing to our success.

Your role:

Assist customers with their information/product requirements in the store or over the telephone
Prepare special orders, obtain the required information and specifications from customer, contact Special Order Purchaser to establish and confirm price and available delivery date
Maintain entire store, including ensuring area is well stocked and merchandised with current product levels and information signage. Monitor inventory levels, perform inventory counts, and highlight inventory concerns
Keep current on flyer and promotional events
Actively strive to increase product knowledge, understand application and/or renovation techniques, and improve selling skills by participating in available training sessions
Other related tasks to ensure the store runs smoothly

What we're looking for:

Effective selling skills and a commitment to providing excellent customer service are essential
Good communication and interpersonal skills are needed to assess customer requirements and make recommendations
Some experience in a customer-focused role is required
The ability to perform work duties involving stretching, bending, lifting, and carrying medium to heavy products is required

If selected for an interview, please advise our Store team if you require accommodation during the interview and assessment process and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.

RONA is committed to encouraging diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider applications from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender, nationality, age, disability, or any other protected status.